this is a 1985 heritage H 120 it's a
single pickup add new strings on it and
it is until nated there's no fret where
like I said is in 1985 in Kalamazoo
it has the Grover tuners there are no
Knicks on the back of the neck
the actions nice and low
all right see there's this on the potty
and end this I'm not sure what's it from
pull your guitar rat
some guitar racks come with a phone that
will be that to the finish of the guitar
so
anyways I'll go ahead and plug it in and
do a demo of it there's a little ding
right there
little spots when it's got a little bit
of rivet bum you got a light here so
anyways it's what it is it is a 1985
heritage H 120 thanks for checking out